add Identity Activity Center documentation and Terraform setup for AWS infrastructure (#55367)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/admin-guides/teleport-policy/integrations/teleport.mdx

---
title: Analyze and correlate Teleport Audit Logs
description: Describes how to import and correlate Teleport Audit Logs using Identity Security.
---

Identity Security product can ingest, analyze, enhance and correlate Teleport Audit Logs
though the Identity Activity Center.

## Prerequisites

- A running Teleport Enterprise cluster v18.0.0 or later.
- Identity Security enabled for your account.

> - For self-hosted clusters:

Reviewer: 👍 For me, the Prerequisites section implies that self-hosting Teleport is an optional requirement, since it says, "For self-hosted clusters" in one bullet. I would say that self-hosted Teleport Enterprise is required, promote the bullets under "For self-hosted clusters" to the first level, and remove the "For self-hosted clusters" line.

---
title: Analyze and Correlate Teleport Audit Logs
description: Describes how to import and correlate Teleport Audit Logs using Identity Security.
---

In this guide, you will configure your Teleport cluster to forward
Audit Logs to Identity Security product for better visibility
and alerts on suspicious activities.

(!docs/pages/includes/policy/identity-activity-center.mdx!)

> Identity Activity Center is a feature of the [Identity Security](https://goteleport.com/platform/policy/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Identity Activity Center is a feature of [Teleport Identity Security](https://goteleport.com/platform/identity-security/)
```
